netxmms-nds-1.0.0
_________________

netxmms-nds is a client for the XMMS (and forks) network controller server
netxmms. Since you downloaded this you probably have a good idea of what
netxmms is. If not, have a look at the README for netxmms. You can find all
such related stuff at http://CENSOREDCENSOREDC.

I made this in about a day, since it was a lot of code being recycled and such.
It's probably the most un-friendly interface for a media player with the menus,
but the controlling of XMMS itself is relatively basic.

The most frustrating part to use is the configuration menu. This is details for
the netxmms server -- what IP address the server is located at, and what port
it is listening on. The controls are horrible to configure, but if you see the
code you will notice it makes it amazingly easy to program. In any case, where
it says HOLD, hold it to produce that function. For example, to increment the
port by 10, hold up and move right (+10/PORT+). Similarly, right and down will
increment by 100, and right alone will increment by 1. Setting the IP address
relies on holding A/B/X/Y and using L/R and UP/DOWN. It's the same principle -
to set the second segment of the IP address, hold B and adjust with L/R, using
UP/DOWN for faster increment. It's pretty fast anyway, so you might have
trouble incrementing by 1 and 1 only, so take your time with that. It's best to
lightly pull down the button very quickly. Do this a few times and you'll get
it.

As for connecting, netxmms-nds uses the WFC data in the DS firmware to connect.
If this isn't set properly it will fail to connect. You can set these options
by going into a Wifi game like Mario Kart and going to the WFC configuration
menu. Set up the Wifi stuff there. Note that the DS doesn't support WPA
encryption.

Note: at the moment you will find that you can only connect once with
netxmms-nds to the same server process. This is because when you power down the
DS, it doesn't perform an orderly shutdown on the connection. I tried to fix
this with strange results and no positive development, so I'll leave it until
next revision. The server will be stuck waiting for the client, so right now
practical use is somewhat limited.

See INSTALL for installation related information. COPYING contains licencing
details.
